Good morning, Megumin.
Here you go.
What is this?
Do you have feelings for me or something?
It's a little unsettling to suddenly
have you lovingly prepare my lunch...
I'm not going to challenge you today,
so I don't want you bugging me!
You make it sound like I'm some ruffian
who's always mugging you for your lunch.
I know I'm the one who always
instigates the duels,
but you are kind of a ruffian.
Good morning, people.
Something about Yunyun
seems strange lately.
Monsters believed to be minions of the Dark
God have been spotted around the village.
Which means we can no longer
afford to take this lightly.
That being the case,
impromptu though it might be,
the plan is to gather enough
villagers to redo the seal.
The ritual will last from tomorrow
evening until the morning after.
All right, let's go over
the results of your tests.
As usual, our top three scorers will
receive these skill-up potions.
In third place is Nerimaki!
Four points until I can learn explosion
magic, as I've long dreamed!
Second place, Arue.
First place, Megumin!
Well done, girls.
First period is going to
be equipment crafting.
Head over to the home economics room!
Would you say something?!
This is really awkward!
What's gotten into you?
I can't believe you weren't in the top three.
If I remember correctly, you needed
three points to learn advanced magic.
And I need four...
Is this fine by you?
Wasting the lead that would give you
the chance to graduate before me?
Look, look here!
I'm not trying to compete. Not today.
I see.
Something is definitely
off about Yunyun lately.
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Episode 4: The Crimson-Eyed Lonely Master
Seriously, it was the craziest thing!
Hey! I heard that there's a
Hero candidate in the village!
Oh, I heard about that!
To be more specific,
I actually met him yesterday!
He was hot, and pretty friendly!
And he's looking for a skilled mage
to help defeat the Demon King!
Anyone in the position to be named a
Hero must be a quality human being.
The kind who would show
up in the heroic annals!
One day, I'll be the kind of mage that can
join the party of a hero candidate...
A group that can overcome
any kind of threat,
who would never resort to cowardly
tricks or cheap chicanery!
Rising head-first to every challenge!
And with my magic,
I will obliterate the Demon King's generals
or anyone else who stands in our way,
as my name echoes across the entire world!
And once the Demon King has been slain,
I will ascend to the throne as
the new Demon King... Megumin!
Megumin? Megumin!
What was that? You suddenly
started cackling. You okay?
I was so absorbed in important thoughts
that I wasn't paying attention.
Do you need something?
Well... I wanted to talk to you
about something on the way home.
So, Megumin...
What do you think it means... to be friends?
I've always known you had issues, Yunyun,
but I didn't think you had
no idea what friends were...
I know! I know what they are!
You go shopping together, and have fun...
Wait, no, that's not what I'm talking about!
For example, you always try
to sponge off me, right?
But you never try to get money.
Of course not. I realize there are
some lines that shouldn't be crossed.
Not to mention I'd hate for you
to start making physical demands
in exchange for money.
I would do no such thing!
And to be honest, I thought that
was the case. But Funifura-san...
She asked for money?
No! It's not like that!
It's just...
And that's basically it.
Funifura's cute little brother is sick.
But...
Yeah. The thing is, we don't really
have enough money for the medicine...
So I thought, as her friends,
we should try and help!
So I was thinking we could
raise money for her!
We can count on you, too, right,
Yunyun? Our friend needs us!
But something about giving them
money feels rude somehow...
I'm just not sure what to do.
What do you think, Megumin?
Given that I never have money
as a fundamental principle...
I'd think of some other way to contribute.
Like what?
For instance...
My friend and I could wear masks
and then raid an apothecary.
Wouldn't just loaning the money
be less problematic than that?
True friends don't simply offer charity!
They endure trials together!
So you're saying, if you were really hungry,
you'd rather someone else starve with you
instead of them sharing their food?
No. Not even close.
But, well, if a friend was truly in grave need,
I don't think it's out of the
question to loan them some money.
Granted, I am in perpetual
grave need, myself.
Trying to subtly get that across, huh?
But I get what you mean. Thanks.
It's fine.
Hey, Megumin, Yunyun.
Why, if it isn't Bukkorori, who's still sulking
over having been rejected by Soketto.
Shh!
Don't "shh" so loudly. It's honestly more
painful to see you try to avoid the subject.
Besides, I never told her how I felt,
so I didn't get rejected!
That's an optimistic approach.
Honestly, the entire world
is waiting for my awakening,
so I shouldn't be hung up over romance.
You mean the thing about
the Dark God's minions?
Yep.
Wouldn't it be easier at this
point to break the seal,
and then have the entire village
fight together to slay it?
That idea did come up.
But seeing as our ancestors went to the trouble
of nabbing a Dark God from another region
before transplanting it here
and sealing it away...
Wait. Why would they do that?
What do you mean, "why"?
Doesn't the idea of a village with a
Dark God sleeping beneath it sound cool?
That should be obvious!
There's other stuff, too, like ancient
weapons that could destroy the world...
And the goddess of vengeance and domination
whose name has been forgotten.
All kinds of sweet forbidden junk!
As much trouble as they might cause,
I have to admit forbidden weapons
are quite the fascinating subject.
Tell me about it!
Huh? You think so? So am I the only one who...
...doesn't get it.
Komekko! I'm heading out.
Have a good day!
Be a good girl and watch the house, all right?
'Kay!
I really appreciate this, Yunyun.
And I'll be sure to pay you back.
Oh, come on, it's fine!
We're f-friends, right?
Class is starting.
You can go on ahead, Yunyun.
O-Okay.
My conscience is bothering me a little...
Yeah, I hear you.
Then why ask for money in the first place?
Megumin! How long have you been there?
How much did you hear?
Starting around where you extorted her
to submit to your perverted demands
in exchange for keeping
her dangerous secrets.
That's not what happened!
Look, my brother is sick,
and we can't afford his medicine...
It's just a bit of fund-raising.
Why not ask for my help, then?
What? Are you that shocked at the
idea I'd be willing to help others?
It's just... y'know...
you're super poor, right?
Borrowing money from you
is just a shade too far.
You're dead!
W-Well, then, do you have money to loan me?!
Obviously I don't. Who in the world
do you think you're talking to?
This girl...
It's just a matter of
securing medication, yes?
Do you have something in mind?
A simple matter for the Crimson
Demons' foremost prodigy!
All right, time to begin magical
item crafting class.
You're free to improvise on the ingredients,
but I want to see some potions.
Behold my sorcerous craftsmanship!
That looks interesting. I'd like to help.
Did you finish already, Arue?
I did.
I'd appreciate the help, then.
I won't let you!
Would you get out of the way?
But the duxion is so cute!
Cute as it is, it's still a monster.
Do you realize how many harmless-looking
monsters are actually quite dangerous?
I know, but...
Calm down, now. All we really
need is the onion on its back.
Feeling better now?
Onions are supposed to help with healing.
And the onions from duxions are
supposed to be of the finest quality.
Honestly, what kind of
monster do you think I am?
Even I can appreciate the
preciousness of cute life.
I-I guess so. Sorry.
It's just, duxions are rare monsters
that offer a lot of experience...
On top of being prized in gourmet cuisine.
Megumin, you jerk!
What do you want with us
now, duxion slayer?
Call me that again and you'll
see just how much I can slay.
Yunyun was sulking all day after
what you pulled earlier.
The two of you were the root cause
of all this in the first place.
A hand-made potion for treating illness.
Go on, take it.
This means you no longer need the
money you borrowed from Yunyun, yes?
H-Hang on a sec! There's no
guarantee that this'll work...
Doesn't matter.
Frankly, I don't even care whether
your little brother is sick or not.
We weren't lying!
The thing I take exception to is
exploiting the conscience of a lonely girl
who's desperate for friends.
Her intelligence is second only to my own.
She is fully aware of what you were doing.
Don't get mad for real. You're scary.
Here, you can have the money back.
Please don't take advantage of her
good nature and naiveté ever again.
Wow, you must really like Yunyun.
You seem to have misunderstood me.
It's not like Yunyun and I are friends.
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
If you're that desperate not to be seen as
friends, then what exactly is the deal?
I'm not sure how to describe it.
I suppose rivalry?
Well, anyone else would think you
two are pretty into each other.
Megumin, your eyes are glowing again.
Crimson Demons having a tell that shows
our true feelings can be such a drag, huh?
Look, we'll leave it at that for today,
but don't get too big-headed, you hear?
What?!
Come on, that's a classic
conversation-ender! Get a clue!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Duxion!
You left Inky all alone. Where did you go?
Isn't this...
Wait, that potion...
Did you give it to them so—
In what world would a pragmatist like
myself engage in such philanthropy?
That's a very convincing argument.
Megumin, I was waiting for you!
Don't leave without me.
I'll treat you to something,
to show my thanks.
I-I know I said it was my treat...
I realize that, but...
Slide...
I am called Torosuke!
Foremost pancake chef among Crimson Demons,
and he who would open a
franchise with 500 locations!
Now that is quite an appetite!
It pleases me to see you enjoy it so much!
A classy merçi to you, young lady!
It's more that... I believe in getting
your fill when the opportunity presents.
Can we take a little break?
One more skill-up potion,
and I'll be ready to graduate.
Huh? Megumin, I thought yesterday's potion left
you with three points to go, the same as me...
Wait, the duxion from this morning!
With which I gained a level,
and earned two skill points!
A-Aw, no...
I wanted us to graduate together.
That's why I was trying to
match your skill points...
You were adjusting your points so
that we could graduate together?
Then you intentionally didn't
score in the top three on the test?!
How could you be so stupid?!
If you wanted to graduate together,
you could have just learned magic
to use up the extra skill points!
But you were so dead-set on
learning advanced magic first,
yet unable to just admit you
wanted to graduate together!
Just how awkward are you to
even try something like this?!
I-I mean, you're always so smug
about being better than me,
so if I were to pass you suddenly...
Did you just suggest you've surpassed me?!
You've done no such thing! At all!
Let me make something quite clear:
I have long since earned enough
points to learn advanced magic!
But I have no intention of doing that!
I will be learning a far more
powerful, surefire form of magic!
Powerful, surefire magic?
Are you talking about explosion magic?
That's right.
You were serious about that?
And what if I was?
You're calling me stupid?
Even if you learn it, most people don't have
enough magical power to actually cast it!
And even when they can, the most they can
manage is once a day! That's why it's joke magic!
I know they say genius and madness are closely
related, but are you really that crazy?!
Any more insults, Yunyun, and don't
expect the mercy I normally afford you.
Believe me, I'm fully aware of the risks.
I know more about explosion
magic than anyone.
And yet, I persist.
But why?
Because I love it, of course.
I really do think you're crazy,
and not a genius, Megumin.
I warned you!
I won! I beat Megumin for the first time!
Well, I wasn't being serious, after all.
And with the moon not being
out, my power is weakened.
You're not a literal demon!
Just admit that you lost for once!
Fine, I lose. Now, let me up.
Still, given how stuffed I was,
It's only natural I could only
use half of my full strength.
No fair making excuses after I let you up!
Come on... Are you really that obsessed with
explosion magic just because you like it?
Isn't there some other reason?
If you must know, when I was younger,
I was attacked by a magic beast.
Rest, cloaked by the smoke of supremacy.
Explosion!
A mage who was passing by slew the beast...
with explosion magic. And the destruction
it caused... The overwhelming violence...
The unassailable power...
It was absolutely breathtaking.
Befitting of being known
as the ultimate magic.
Ever since that moment, I've had
no interest in other magic.
Once I learn it, I intend to seek
that mage out and ask her...
"What do you think of the
explosion magic you taught me?"
That being said, I'm sure you're glad to
have won once before I leave on my journey.
You're leaving once you graduate?
Yes.
Is there anyone you're going to travel with?
Your magic power should be
enough to use explosion magic,
but you'd be helpless after using it.
You need someone to look after you.
One thing we have in common is that
I obviously have no such help.
Why do you sound so proud of that?
And it's not like you're
leaving right away, right?!
Well, I can't leave my
sister unaccounted for,
so I'll be working around
the village for a while.
What about you, Yunyun?
I'm going to be chief one day, so...
I want to try and learn a lot of
different things before then.
I still need your help from time
to time now, but one day...
I want to be strong enough to help
the helpless, like that duxion.
Wait, why's there a duxion out here?
"Megumin found tonight's dinner!"
Megumin, you jerk!
Megumin...
Wasn't the Dark God supposed
to have been resealed?
Come with me, please!
Komekko...
Next Episode Preview
Episode 5: "Prelude to an Explosion of Madness"
Big trouble, Megumin!
A swarm of monsters is after little Inky!
She's done for. We have to leave her behind.
Don't give up so fast!
I'm more worried about Komekko!
What's become of my sister?!
Wait, I've got it!
This entire mystery has been laid bare!
Huh? N-Next time, we'll join your
family meeting with an...
Explosion!